ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/data/StatusData.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.data.StatusData
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.data.StatusData$1
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/MonsterArmor.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.MonsterArmor
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/abstracts/ArathothAttribute.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.abstracts.ArathothAttribute
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.abstracts.ArathothAttribute$1
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/sub/nbt/Clear.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.sub.nbt.Clear
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/MagicArmor.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.MagicArmor
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/conditionimpl/Unbreakable.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.conditionimpl.Unbreakable
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/bstats/Metrics.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.bstats.Metrics
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.bstats.Metrics$AdvancedBarChart
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.bstats.Metrics$AdvancedPie
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.bstats.Metrics$CustomChart
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.bstats.Metrics$DrilldownPie
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.bstats.Metrics$MultiLineChart
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.bstats.Metrics$SimpleBarChart
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.bstats.Metrics$SimplePie
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.bstats.Metrics$SingleLineChart
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/sub/About.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.sub.About
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/PlayerArmor.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.PlayerArmor
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/HitRate.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.HitRate
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/AdditionalHealth.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.AdditionalHealth
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/enums/PlaceHolderType.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.enums.PlaceHolderType
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/sub/Reload.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.sub.Reload
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/CritDamage.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.CritDamage
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/DodgeRate.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.DodgeRate
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/utils/NameUtils.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.utils.NameUtils
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/sub/nbt/ListNBT.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.sub.nbt.ListNBT
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/MainCommand.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.MainCommand
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/enums/StatusType.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.enums.StatusType
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/CritArmor.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.CritArmor
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/listeners/ListenStatusCmd.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenStatusCmd
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/sub/nbt/RemoveAttr.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.sub.nbt.RemoveAttr
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/support/PlaceHolderHook.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.support.PlaceHolderHook
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/listeners/ListenStatusUpdate.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenStatusUpdate
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenStatusUpdate$1
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenStatusUpdate$2
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenStatusUpdate$3
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenStatusUpdate$4
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenStatusUpdate$5
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenStatusUpdate$6
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenStatusUpdate$7
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenStatusUpdate$8
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/conditionimpl/OwnderRequest.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.conditionimpl.OwnderRequest
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/conditionimpl/PermRequest.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.conditionimpl.PermRequest
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/LifeSteal.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.LifeSteal
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/Regen.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.Regen
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/sub/nbt/RemoveType.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.sub.nbt.RemoveType
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/PhysicalDamage.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.PhysicalDamage
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/abstracts/ArathothCondition.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.abstracts.ArathothCondition
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/AttackRange.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.AttackRange
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/sub/LoadData.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.sub.LoadData
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/event/ArathothStatusUpdateEvent.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.event.ArathothStatusUpdateEvent
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/PlayerDamage.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.PlayerDamage
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/listeners/ListenStatusExecute.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenStatusExecute
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenStatusExecute$1
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/api/ArathothAPI.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.api.ArathothAPI
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/sub/ListAttr.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.sub.ListAttr
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/PhysicalArmor.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.PhysicalArmor
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/event/ArathothStatusExecuteEvent.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.event.ArathothStatusExecuteEvent
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/Oblivion.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.Oblivion
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/enums/StatusPriority.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.enums.StatusPriority
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/SlotsManager.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.SlotsManager
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/utils/AttrUtil.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.utils.AttrUtil
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/sub/nbt/AddAttr.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.sub.nbt.AddAttr
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/MonsterDamage.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.MonsterDamage
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/sub/nbt/AddCondition.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.sub.nbt.AddCondition
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/conditionimpl/LevelRequired.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.conditionimpl.LevelRequired
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/event/ArathothPostDamageEvent.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.event.ArathothPostDamageEvent
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/sub/nbt/RemoveCondition.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.sub.nbt.RemoveCondition
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/CritDefense.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.CritDefense
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/CritChance.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.CritChance
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/AttributeManager.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.AttributeManager
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.AttributeManager$1
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/listeners/ListenMessage.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.listeners.ListenMessage
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/ArathothII.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.ArathothII
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/attribute/attributeimpl/MagicDamage.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.attribute.attributeimpl.MagicDamage
ink/rainbowbridge/v2/arathoth/commands/sub/nbt/AddType.java
 ink.rainbowbridge.v2.arathoth.commands.sub.nbt.AddType
